welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to expand on our pandemic
survival skills with the 2002 british
film 28 days later if you'd like to
continue improving your skills into the
future you might consider subscribing to
the channel let's get to it
we open on newscasts of pandemonium and
worldwide violence
panning out to see this is all being
done in an attempt to teach a chimp how
to be human
this research facility is then
infiltrated by a group of eco-terrorists
who are appalled by what they see a
scientist happens to stumble in and
warns them that the primates are
infected
but they came all this way so they
release the animals and learn all about
the rage virus and we see that bobo
approves
a double fortnight later jim wakes up on
a gurney in an unoccupied hospital and
he finds no signs of life
so he hydrates with a refreshing pepsi
product proud sponsor of the apocalypse
and heads into the greater london area
he wanders aimlessly exploring and
getting hints here and there of what
happened
eventually ending up in a house of
worship where he prays to his god
his cries are answered with the
unsettling deliverance of some
aggressively violent folks
and he runs away when they ask him if he
wants to talk about jesus
in the ensuing chase he finds assistance
from some guerilla warriors who lay down
a cover of molotov cocktails and other
major explosions they take him back to
their pepsi stockpile and introduce
themselves as mark and selena they catch
him up on how a new virus was unleashed
and ripped through the general
population
too fast for a response so pretty much
everyone is assumed dead at this point
however since this is a lot to take in
and they have a policy about never being
alone they humor him with a field trip
to check in on his family home
when they arrive the smell implies what
the eyes confirm in regards to his
parents
he finds their final note and
recommendation to him and it's bleak
since it's getting dark they decide to
spend the night there where jim breaks
the cardinal rule of hallucinating while
holding a candle attracting a group of
infected individuals
under the imperative of their
no-nonsense approach to survival selena
saves mark from the indignity of
becoming a rager this puts jim off but
thems the rules baby they continue on
heading toward a beacon of potential
safety
as they make their way up they pause for
a refreshing beverage but are
interrupted by a group of screeching
infected that are pursuing them
this brings them to a large british
sentinel who takes care of the situation
and leads them to safety their new
friends are frank and his daughter
hannah with whom they share a
celebratory drink and settle in for the
night the next day we learn frank has
been experiencing some water problems
and has also picked up a recorded
broadcast promising a virus free outpost
outside of manchester they can't decide
on the likelihood of the blockade still
existing but they agree the city
sucks and they're likely better off
going for it so they pack up and drive
off in frank's taxi
they run into trouble early on as they
unwisely opt to enter a tunnel although
it's blocked frank knows his vehicle and
makes his way over the mess
of course tires are still tires so
they're forced to stay in a vulnerable
spot as they attempt to attach the spare
they're able to ride off just in time
and are rewarded with a pristine grocery
store on the other side
so they stock up and find a spot in the
idyllic british countryside to have a
picnic
and bear witness to nature rudely
carrying on without us
after a restful night's sleep brought to
you by valium their journey continues
but they're dismayed to arrive at the
outskirts of manchester to find the city
of flame when they reach the blockade
things do not look promising
and in the absence of both survivors and
supplies frank takes his frustrations
out on a pole which results in a drop of
tainted blood
entering his eye he warns them away and
they're saved from facing down a rage
infected frank by the arrival of some
bloodthirsty soldiers they're escorted
to a posh country estate
the last stronghold and we learned
they're well fortified with land mines
and razor wire
and they have an infected private
they're hoping to learn from by keeping
them chained up in the courtyard and
that's just science
that evening their tense philosophical
dinner is interrupted by the sound of
the claymores outside
ready for a change of pace the boys run
off hoot and hollering gunning down as
many as they can
and the post post-skirmish excitement
mitchell gives away the game a little
resulting in some infighting jim is
separated from the others and major west
lays it all out for him the men have
been despondent and suicidal so he
decided to brighten their future with
the promise of delivering them women
jim is free to hang with the guys but
only if he's cool with rape he proves to
not be and tries to get them out of
there but takes a butt to the face
he wakes up tied to a radiator next to
sergeant farrell the other moral
dissenter
farrell reveals his working theory that
the world has just quarantined the
outbreak to great britain
isolating it as it were to an island
while the rest of civilization goes on
as normal they're then taken on a forced
march to their execution where in the
confusion regarding the preferable
method of death jim manages to give his
captors the slip and hop the wall
it's at this time that he sees an emblem
of hope so jim runs to the blockade
where he gets to crank it on the siren
when the men arrive jim manages to take
one out and delay the major while he
circles back to release private mailer
who breaches the house and quickly
begins spreading his gift
jim waits and watches from his perch as
the men in a state of confusion and
disarray succumb to the infected like
dominoes he eventually finds mitchell
and selena and drops in on them he puts
on a performance so brutal that selena
believes he's been infected until she
sees his eyes
and then hannah finds them and breaks up
their sloppy reunion wes
is waiting for them in the cab hoping to
take his revenge so hannah postmates
them to the front door and they bust out
we catch up with them later in the
countryside where the infected are
slowly starving to death and we see that
they've created a beacon for the jets
that occasionally fly over
letting us know that everything's gonna
be okay
and that was 28 days later a movie that
at this point needs no recommendation
it's a modern classic if you enjoyed the
video i'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching